docs(api): updated versioning page and API reference for mix (#16833)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/docs/v2/versioning.rst

Changes in API Versions
=======================

Version 2.21
------------

> - Only check for liquid presence detection on the first aspiration of the :py:meth:`.mix` cycle. 

Reviewer: Oops, I think we kind of wrote ourselves into a knot here. We didn't mean "check for…detection". Flipping it works:
```suggestion
- Liquid presence detection now only checks on the first aspiration of a :py:meth:`.mix` cycle. 
```

Could additionally link `Liquid presence detection` to that section on the Loading Pipettes page, but may be overkill.
